README.md, before:

# js-exercises
Simple exercises to get a handle on JavaScript

To get started run
```
npm install
```
followed by
```
npm test
```

You should see a list of failing tests (Somewhere along the lines of `AssertionError: expected 'Your Result' to deeply equal...`)

To start making those tests pass, open up the 'exercises.js' file where you'll see a bunch of empty functions waiting to be filled in. 

Feel free to create additional functions in the file to use within the pre-defined exercise functions but please don't change the exercise function names or the number of inputs they take in

As an example to get you going, in exercises.js we have a `sayHello(name)` function, when we run the tests initially it says we fail because
```
When calling the sayHello function
1) Should return "Hello, Alice" when given "Alice" as an input name
2) Should return "Hello, Bob" when given "Bob" as an input name
```
To get these tests to pass we need to modify the `sayHello` function to be
```javascript
function sayHello(name) {
   return 'Hello, ' + name;
}
```
If you run the tests now you should be able to see that those two tests now pass

Commit message:

Add a few more exercises
- Added some exercises which hopefully lead towards using some of the
useful array methods
- Added tests for the new exercises
- Updated docblocks
  - Array signature should now match JSDoc spec
  - Return types now part of docblock (@returns)
- Updated the README
  - Now includes repository clone step
  - Updated sample test failure message to match updated tests

README.md, after:

# js-exercises
Simple exercises to get a handle on JavaScript

To get started either clone this repository using git/GitHub Desktop/github-cli or download it as a .zip folder and extract the contents manually.

From the project directory run
```
npm install
```
followed by
```
npm test
```

You should see a list of failing tests (Somewhere along the lines of `AssertionError: expected 'Your Result' to deeply equal...`)

To start making those tests pass, open up the 'exercises.js' file where you'll see a bunch of empty functions waiting to be filled in. 

Feel free to create additional functions in the file to use within the pre-defined exercise functions but changing the exercise function names or the number of inputs they take in is likely to cause the tests to fail.

As an example to get you going, in exercises.js we have a `sayHello(name)` function, when we run the tests initially it says the tests for that function fail because
```
1) When calling the sayHello function
      Should be able to say hello to Alice:
      AssertionError: expected 'Your Result' to deeply equal 'Hello, Alice'
2) When calling the sayHello function
      Should be able to say hello to Bob:
      AssertionError: expected 'Your Result' to deeply equal 'Hello, Bob'
```
To get these tests to pass we need to modify the `sayHello` function to be
```javascript
function sayHello(name) {
   return 'Hello, ' + name;
}
```
If you run the tests now you should be able to see that those two tests pass
